README.md, before:

## KU Polls: Online Survey Questions 

[![Django CI](https://github.com/PeanutPK/ku-polls/actions/workflows/django.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/PeanutPK/ku-polls/actions/workflows/django.yml)

An application to conduct online polls and surveys based
on the [Django 5.1 Tutorial project](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.1/intro/tutorial01/), with
additional features.

This app was created as part of the [Individual Software Process](
https://cpske.github.io/ISP) course at [Kasetsart University](https://www.ku.ac.th).

## Running the Application

1. Before running the application make sure to [install](INSTALLATION.md) all requirements.
2. Activate virtual environment
   - For macOS/Linux
    ```commandline
    source env/bin/activate
    ```
   - For Windows
    ```commandline
    env\Scripts\activate
    ```
3. Load poll data from a file
    ```commandline
    python manage.py loaddata data/<filename>
    ```
4. Run django server
    ```commandline
    python manage.py runserver
    ```

## Demo users
| **list** | **Username** | **Password** |
|----------|--------------|--------------|
| 1        | demo1        | hackme11     |
| 2        | demo2        | hackme22     |
| 3        | demo3        | hackme33     |

## Project Documents

All project documents are in the [Project Wiki](../../wiki/Home).

- [Vision Statement](../../wiki/Vision%20and%20Scope)
- [Requirements](../../wiki/Requirements)
- [Project Plan](../../wiki/Project%20Plan)
- [Domain Model](../../wiki/Domain%20Model)

Commit message:

add: README.md example of loading data

README.md, after:

## KU Polls: Online Survey Questions 

[![Django CI](https://github.com/PeanutPK/ku-polls/actions/workflows/django.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/PeanutPK/ku-polls/actions/workflows/django.yml)

An application to conduct online polls and surveys based
on the [Django 5.1 Tutorial project](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.1/intro/tutorial01/), with
additional features.

This app was created as part of the [Individual Software Process](
https://cpske.github.io/ISP) course at [Kasetsart University](https://www.ku.ac.th).

## Running the Application

1. Before running the application make sure to [install](INSTALLATION.md) all requirements.
2. Activate virtual environment
   - For macOS/Linux
    ```commandline
    source env/bin/activate
    ```
   - For Windows
    ```commandline
    env\Scripts\activate
    ```
3. Load poll data from a file
    ```commandline
    python manage.py loaddata data/<filename>
    ```
   For example, in V1.0.0 use this commandline
   ```commandline
   python manage.py loaddata data/polls-v4.json data/votes-v4.json data/users.json
   ```
4. Run django server
    ```commandline
    python manage.py runserver
    ```

## Demo users
| **list** | **Username** | **Password** |
|----------|--------------|--------------|
| 1        | demo1        | hackme11     |
| 2        | demo2        | hackme22     |
| 3        | demo3        | hackme33     |

## Project Documents

All project documents are in the [Project Wiki](../../wiki/Home).

- [Vision Statement](../../wiki/Vision%20and%20Scope)
- [Requirements](../../wiki/Requirements)
- [Project Plan](../../wiki/Project%20Plan)
- [Domain Model](../../wiki/Domain%20Model)
